feat: update textarea to 1.2 (#3588)
Orange-OpenSource/Orange-Boosted-Bootstrap: site/src/content/docs/components/text-area.mdx

  <div class="text-area">
    <div class="text-area-container mt-large">
      <label id="labelTextAreaHelperLink" for="textAreaHelperLink">Additional comments</label>
      <textarea id="textAreaHelperLink" class="text-area-field" placeholder=" "></textarea>
    </div>
    <a href="#" id="feedbackTextHelpMoreLink" aria-labelledby="feedbackTextHelpMoreLink labelTextAreaHelperLink" class="link link-small">
      More information <span class="visually-hidden">on</span>
    </a>
  </div>`} />

### Hidden label

> The label is optional from a visual perspective, but for accessibility reasons, it is mandatory to keep a `.visually-hidden` label. Hiding the label should be reserved when the purpose of the text area is obvious thanks to a placeholder or contextual icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The label is optional from a visual perspective, but for accessibility reasons, it is mandatory to keep a `.visually-hidden` label. 

<Callout type="danger">
  Hiding the label should be reserved when the purpose of the text area is obvious thanks to the context
</Callout>
```

Author: Ah yes thanks ;)

<Example buttonLabel="text area with hidden label" code={`<div class="text-area">
    <div class="text-area-container">
      <label for="textAreaWithoutLabel" class="visually-hidden">Hidden label</label>

>       <textarea id="textAreaWithoutLabel" class="text-area-field" placeholder="Please enter a comment"></textarea>

Reviewer: IMO, it's not good to show this kind of example since it can encourage people use it. Maybe add a details/summary around this example.

Author: I don't get why, this is present in the design specs... I can put the second sentence in a Callout though

>       <textarea id="textAreaWithoutLabel" class="text-area-field" placeholder="Please enter a comment"></textarea>

Reviewer: We should probably add a title attribute with the label content, but I let @Aniort decide how to correctly handle it.

Author: Why a .visually-hidden label would not be enough?

Reviewer 2: Sounds good to me, not sure why a title attribute should be provided but as you said let the expert talk :)

Reviewer 3: @Aniort is currently unavailable but I can give give you the opinion of an acessibility expert.

The rule is simple: **every input field must have a visible label**.

WCAG SC 3.3.2 A:

In order to be compliant, **at least one of the following conditions is met**:
- A label is present near each form element allowing them to be visually associated,
- **or the form element has a title attribute**,
- or the form element is accompanied by text that becomes visible when focus is set on it.

You must ensure one of these conditions is met for the affected input fields.

For information it as also the same in [RGAA 11.1.1](https://accessibilite.numerique.gouv.fr/methode/criteres-et-tests/#11.1.1)

Reviewer 2: Thank you @MewenLeHo , does this mean that the placeholder cant be used as a label (I think of search field where we often have only a placeholder as visual label, and the "real" label is visually hidden).
We should add the title and the placeholder at the same time ?

Author: Thank you for your input @MewenLeHo I will add the title attribute then.

Author: @vprothais the placeholder is not visible when there already is an input in the field so it does not qualify as a label I think

Author: @MewenLeHo do we keep the `visually-hidden` label with the `title` attribute?

Reviewer 3: **Placeholders are not reliable** because they disappear when you start typing, which can be a problem for people with cognitive disorders or short-term memory problems. That's why a placeholder alone is not sufficient to provide a visible label; it must be accompanied by persistent text near the form element.

However, there is an exception for form elements that do not have a visible label but whose role is obvious (example: a search field accompanied by a magnifying glass button, because **in this case the magnifying glass button acts as a visible label**). In such cases, this is an exception, and the criterion is considered compliant.

Reviewer 2: > @vprothais the placeholder is not visible when there already is an input in the field so it does not qualify as a label I think

Yeah I had that in mind and it seems pretty logical. But I saw that the search fields of orange.com and orange.fr have a placeholder but no title attribute. The use case is pretty different though, a search field is almost always empty on page load, so the placeholder is probably always visible :)

Reviewer 2: perfect, thank you @MewenLeHo !

Reviewer 3: @vprothais: you are right.
And if you have a look at their accessibility declaration statement, you will see that Success Criterion 3.3.2 is declared as non-compliant.

Reviewer: > @MewenLeHo do we keep the `visually-hidden` label with the `title` attribute?

Up :)

Reviewer 3: I would say 'yes', because some assistive technologies (such as older versions of screen readers) are not able to reliably read the content of the `title` attribute.

And do not forget that the accessible name (given by the `visually-hidden` label properly linked to the input) and the visible label (given by the `title` attribute) must match or else you would fail [WCAG SC 2.5.3](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/label-in-name.html).
